REQ-ID:NFR-OIA2-JO1
Description:The product (A database) stores weekly schedules of cleaning and maintenance work that can be printed off or looked at.
Type:11e
Rationale:To allocate work to cleaning staff and maintenance workers.
Fit Criterion:A record, within the database, for each property has all fields populated, except tick field boxes and comment fields, so that cleaning and maintenance staff can complete the work that was requested.The fields within the database would be; name of property owner, address of property, contact telephone number, cleaning job, tick box for each cleaning task (unpopulated), comment box for cleaning (unpopulated), maintenance job, tick box for each maintenance task (unpopulated), etc.
Originator:Derived from functional requirement OIA2
Comments: [M814-ModuleChair] Add comments below, making sure to include your initials in [] at the start.

[HE] 
The fit criteria is ambiguous and it is not clear what the benchmark is. Due to its ambiguity, it cannot be used as an input when designing acceptance tests and it will fail the quality gateway.  

Based on my understanding of the requirement, you want to ensure that cleaning schedule details are accurately captured to enable the assignment of those duties to maintenance workers. Try using a quantity to set a benchmark like “98 percent of schedule details contain x y z, where for example x is the address of the property to be maintained” 

[SPT] First sorry for the lateness of this comment. I have the following comments.

1. Taking both the Type and Description, what I think you are doing is creating a 'Usability Requirement' of the Weekly Schedules and to make this usable there is a need to print off for viewing. What isn't clear is who is the 'Authority' and hence who's judgement this is 'usable'. Is the Cleaning & Maintenance Staff and/or the Work Manager.
2. I can see that specifying the content of the print-out provides an input to test, but what I would find hard to test would be the "can complete the work as originally requested", unless I knew what that was. This to me is more about the 'function' or exporting to print and not how usable it ias
3. To test Usability of the information we could create a representative community of cleaners and quote a measurement where so many of these find the information usable and "can complete the work that was originally requested".

I hope this helps

[DT] Apologies for the late comments on this requirements. I think this requirement, raises a valid point, however:
1. Fit criterion loses context as it utilises high and low level design elements such as 'database', 'fields', 'tick box' and, clearly, does not define a benchmark for testing
2. Description should be rephrased, for example, 'The product shall allow printing of schedules', but, doing so might indicate that this requirement can also be considered a functional one.
3. Rationale does not indicate reason or justification of the requirement, and looking closely at it, could have easily been used as a requirement itself.

 
 